TODO
 - need to do timesheet asap!
 - gym this evening
 - shots: tirz 1ml, ipa 0.3 ml, cjc/dac 0.75 ml, bpc 0.3 ml, td500 0.3ml
 - night eating food.  Mud coffee, popcorn, protein powder snacks, other?  Apples? Non alcoholic beer?

 JOURNAL

 Well it is friday and it has been an uneventful week.  What do I want to write about today.  Lets start with weight loss, my ongoing losing battle.  I probably should go back to vlogging on tiktok, because otherwise I am not making any progress, despite the large number of peptides I am putting into my system.  Perhaps I need to start working with a trainer or a nutritionist.  Or maybe even just working with that new AI coach I have installed on my ipad. 

 A big problem for me is that my mind jumps around so much it becomes difficult to settle on a single course of action.  So maybe I should narrow down what has not been working.

 I cannot out exercise my shitty diet.  I have tried this a number of times, and short of hiking the Appalachian Trail, or committing to 18000 steps a day, I don't think I am going to be able to do this.

 I cannot stop my night eating habit.  Well, I could if my life depended on it, or if a doctor told me I had to or I would die.  But realistically, when I wake up in the middle of the night I don't care about all the promises I made during the day.  That all seems unimportant.  What is important is that I reward myself at that moment, with food, until I have a full belly and think I can go to sleep.  What I can do is minimize the impact of that habit with prepared food that is high volume, low calories, and appetizing.  

 What I am starting to do, and we will see if it will help is to count my night calories with the next day, the idea being that if I overindulge at night, I can make up for it the following day (before 12pm.)  

 I also think that if I can culture a habit of drinking decafinated coffee and tea that will help with my oral fixation, and that is something I can do instead of eat.  I do know that if I have a beverage of some kind, not kool aid or iced tea, but an alcoholic beverage, a hot drink, or a beer, even a non alcoholic one, that can substitute for the food that I eat, and that can help me a lot.

 The other thing I have been thinking about a lot lately is money.  Partially, I want to continue learning about computers and writing code in order to remain sharp at my job and becasue it interests me.  But it also about the money, and certifications equal dollars to some degree.  

 I really would like to have a second stream of income, of some kind, just to have fun money to buy gadgets, or to pad my allowance with extra cahs.  I am not sure how to go about doing this though.  Maybe I need to start making youtube videos and tiktok videos.